1.
Jiro Ono

Nationality: Japanese
Age 93

Discription:
Jiro Ono is a Japanese chef who is credited by food artisans, contemporaries and critics as the greatest sushi craftsman alive. 
He is the owner of Sukiyabashi Jiro, a three-Michelin-starred internationally renowned Japanese sushi restaurant in Tokyo. 
Even at 91, his dedication towards making the best sushi is rock solid. 
Having started working in a restaurant at the age of seven, till date Ono leaves no stone unturned in his attempts to better his craft. 
Even after seven decades of professional cooking, Ono maintains his daily routine—rising early in the morning and doing the exact same thing as he did yesterday and the day before. 
He turned the reputation of his modestly located restaurant into one of global fame and recognition. 
Sukiyabashi Jiro is credited for providing the greatest sushi meal on Planet Earth and much of the credit goes to Jiro Ono who has relentlessly worked hard in perfecting his art. 
He is recognized for innovating methods used in modern sushi preparations. 
From the texture and flavour of the raw ingredients used, to the temperature at which the rice accompanied with sushi is served, Ono keeps a check of everything. 
He is truly a global icon of sushi shokunin!


2.
Masaharu Morimoto

Age:63

Discription:
Born in Hiroshima, Japan, Iron Chef Japanese Masaharu Morimoto trained in a sushi restaurant before moving to the U.S. in 1985 at the age of 30. 
After working in several restaurants, he joined the highly acclaimed Nobu restaurant in New York City.

Morimoto polished his craft in New York's melting pot and became a state-of-the-art world chef. 
His cutting-edge cuisine attracted the attention of Iron Chef producers, who invited him to become a Japanese Iron Chef. 
His skill, which outshines the trademark diamond stud in his left ear, has been recognized all around the world. While his cooking has Japanese roots, it's actually "global cooking" for the 21st century. 
His unique fusion cuisine takes advantage of Japanese color combinations and aromas and uses Chinese spices and simple Italian ingredients, while maintaining a refined French style of presentation.


3.
Harumi Kurihara

Age:71

Kurihara Harumi, (born March 5, 1947, Shimoda, Shizuoka prefecture, Japan), Japanese chef, lifestyle expert, and television personality who in 1994 founded the media and home furnishing corporation Yutori no K?kan (“A Place to Relax”).

Kurihara was taught by her mother how to cook. 
After marrying a well-known newscaster in Japan, her exceptional cooking skills were noticed by reporters who went to her home to interview her husband. 
She was soon invited to submit recipes and short articles to various magazines. 
This led to a television career in 1983, when she served as a production assistant on a cooking program. 
She moved on to host her own series of shows, but it was not until 1992, when she published her first cookbook, Gochis?sama ga, kikitakute (“I Want to Hear You Say Delicious”), that Kurihara emerged as a national icon. 
In addition to writing numerous cookbooks, she established a magazine, Suteki reshipi (“Great Recipes”), in 1996; it was renamed haru_mi in 2006. 
She also opened a chain of stores that sold her own brand of houseware items—including aprons, gardening tools, kitchen equipment, linens, and cookware—and oversaw several restaurants that used her recipes to create authentic Japanese dishes. 
All of Kurihara various endeavours were overseen by her company, Yutori no K?kan.


4.
NOBU MATSUHISA

Age:69

Nobu was born in Saitama, Japan. 
When he was only seven years old, his father died in a traffic accident, and he and his two older brothers were raised by his mother. 
After graduating from high school, he worked at the restaurant Matsue Sushi in Shinjuku, Tokyo, for seven years and was invited by a regular customer, who was a Peruvian of Japanese descent, to open a Japanese restaurant in Peru. 
In 1973 at age 24, he moved to Lima, Peru and opened a restaurant with the same name of Matsue in partnership with his sponsor. 
Nobu was unable to find many of the ingredients he took for granted in Japan and had to improvise, and it was here that he developed his unique style of cuisine that incorporated Peruvian ingredients into Japanese dishes.